Documentation update for SCP-B2B-1.0.19 and SCP-4.8.18 (#829)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/releases/changelog.mdx

**Storefront Compatibility B2B Package**
************************************/}

      <ChangelogEntry
          date="2026-04-13"
          title="Storefront Compatibility B2B Package v1.0.19"
          components={['Storefront Compatibility B2B Package']}
      >
          The Storefront Compatibility B2B Package has been updated to include the following changes:

>           - **Requisition List**: Introduced Requisition List Sharing feature for B2B customers, enabling Requisition lists to be shared via link or email with read-only access and import capability, while maintaining backward compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - **Requisition List**: Introduced Requisition List Sharing feature for B2B customers. This feature lets you share requisition lists by link or email. Recipients get read-only access and can import lists, while existing integrations stay backward compatible.
```

Author: Fixed
